Credentials
gmail:
email: studio1condoboard@gmail.com
PW: Studioonecondoboard2026#$%
phone number: 416-569-2022

supabase
email: simongiles941@gmail.com
db pw: cf5zXun97rqISfbD


- Does his employemnt contract prohibit outside work and even if it doesn't, is there a full ownership clause
- 3.2 Both is a bad word here
- How do we agree on what constitutes effort
- Purchase rights and/or the concept of if the other guy continues working and dilute the other over time
- 6.3 if unilateral action then there isn't a deadlock as no on
- 9.2 should be tied to sports, not event management
- 10.1 is not 50/50
- 10. Provincial only



Restricted access has some stuff that shouldn't be there
- New water holdback, shared facility reserve fund with studio 2, and hybrid for the suite noise and vibration complaint because its a building wide issue
Need a dictionary of terms (i.e. n-wave needs to be enwave and studio 2 was listed as something wrong (should be TSCC2573))
Action items mismatch
- heat exchanger: ai version "board made a decsion to proceed with the gasket replacement proposal" greta version: "following discussion, board directed first be inspected to determine whether replacement is neessary before proceeding with the proposed work"
- outdoor pool contract renewal: ai version "ratification of the emial approval of the outdoor ccontract for 2026 season, with revisions to remove the automatic renewal clause and structure payment in monthly installments" greta version "<grab from notes>"



On the roster page, there needs to be some changes:
1. Commisioner needs the abililty to set the preferred walls of the players. There should be left, right or both. This should be a three way toggle
2. As preferences are set, then the players are shown in two separate lists to the right (one for right and one for left wall). If a player is listed as both then they show up in both.
3. Within each list, the commissioner can reorder players based on skill level.
4. Once the commisioner is happy with the order, then they hit the "generate teams" button and that matches best left waller with worst right waller, then the 2nd best left waller with the 2nd worst right waller. Obviously, for the people that are listed as "both" that show up in both lists, those people can't exist on two teams so just randomly select a team for them to be on
5. Once players are on their teams, then they can be dragged and dropped into different teams as the manual override

This layout is different than what we currenlty have and requires more real estate so here is how to handle:
1. When the commissioner first arrives on the roster page, they should see the list of players and a 3 way toggle for each one and two empty divs to the right (sort of like it is right now when you generate the teams). These are the left and right wall empty lists. These lists get populated as the commissioner sets the toggle on the player for wall preference.
2. Once the commissioner is happy with the order of skill level in the left and right wall lists, then they click the buttom to generate teams. This has a nice animation to slide all the content to the left, essentially making the player list with the 3way toggle diseappear, and then making the teams layout slide in from the right. If they want to go back to the original view they first saw, then there is a button that says something like "modify walls" and that will slide the screen back

ONe thing i just thought of, is there should also be draggability between the left and right wall lists. I said above that reordering can happen which is just vertical sorting but the commissioner should also be able to move players from the left list to the right and vice versa



















.


Am i pulling out the harness
Do an ai search for 6.2 to extend the list


Recommended actions 8, don't go to startup lawyer

IP assignment agreement - what about martin's work product. This applies to both of us. Suggest remove this line. Relates to 10.1. A/nything he is to keep, has to ahve a licensing agreement